Webviewer SDK set object color and clear object color doc (#164)
procore/documentation: bim_webviewer/bim_web_viewer.md

---

### Set Object Color

<p class="heading-link-container"><a class="heading-link" href="#set-object-color"></a></p>

```js
setObjectColor(palettes);
```

#### Description

> Changes object color in selcted, default, and xray mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changes object color in selected, default, and xray mode.
```

Reviewer: Trying to figure out how this can be better described. I feel like we need to explain the different modes. Taking a stab for a few minutes.

> Changes object color in selcted, default, and xray mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changes the color of an object while in three modes; `default`, `selected` or `xray`. Default is while the object is neither selected or in X Ray mode. Selected is while the object is selected. X Ray is while in X Ray mode.
```

#### Parameters

| Field Name | Required | Type | Description |
| - | - | - | - |

> | palettes | true | Object[] | color palettes with object ids: {palette: {default: {color: '#ff0000', opacity: 1}, xray: {color: '#00ff00', opacity: 1}, selected: {color: '#0000ff', opacity: 1}}, objectIds: [1, 2, 3]}. Must provide at least one of default, xray or selected color. If no color declared will use the our baked-in values or the color from the file for the "default" value. |

Reviewer: How does this look in the table? Maybe it can be explained in a paragraph below Description?

Reviewer: Should we just drop in the schema we defined? Maybe just drop in the JSON schema somewhere in here.

> | palettes | true | Object[] | color palettes with object ids: {palette: {default: {color: '#ff0000', opacity: 1}, xray: {color: '#00ff00', opacity: 1}, selected: {color: '#0000ff', opacity: 1}}, objectIds: [1, 2, 3]}. Must provide at least one of default, xray or selected color. If no color declared will use the our baked-in values or the color from the file for the "default" value. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| palettes | true | Object[] | Color palettes with object ids: {palette: {default: {color: '#ff0000', opacity: 1}, xray: {color: '#00ff00', opacity: 1}, selected: {color: '#0000ff', opacity: 1}}, objectIds: [1, 2, 3]}. Must provide at least one of `default`, `xray` or `selected` color. If the `color` property is not provided, then default colors are used. |
```

> | palettes | true | Object[] | Color palettes with object ids: {palette: {default: {color: '#ff0000', opacity: 1}, xray: {color: '#00ff00', opacity: 1}, selected: {color: '#0000ff', opacity: 1}}, objectIds: [1, 2, 3]}. Must provide at least one of `default`, `xray` or `selected` color. If the `color` property is not provided, then default colors are used. |

Reviewer 2: Bit unreadable eh?

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2865469/232570178-9b9cb6c6-74fb-4884-b8b6-16955a497d0d.png)

This is not the only case that has this issue, but it does seem like it'll be the worst of them.

Maybe we could break that part out into another section? Here's a suggestion. Note I also changed the usage of "palette" to "colorDescriptor" because it was being used for both the whole object and also a field of the object. Seemed like we needed another word.

Also I can't really do a codeblock here because there are codeblocks in the suggestion so begin example here:

---
```js
setObjectColor(colorDescriptors);
```

#### Description

Changes the color of an object while in three modes; `default`, `selected` or `xray`. Default is while the object is neither selected or in X Ray mode. Selected is while the object is selected. X Ray is while in X Ray mode.

#### Parameters

| Field Name | Required | Type | Description |
| - | - | - | - |
| colorDescriptor | true | ColorDescriptor[] | See `ColorDescriptor` |

##### `ColorDescriptor`

```
<!-- this part not in a codeblock, but it needs to be here for the github comment to not render it -->
<p class="heading-link-container"><a class="heading-link" href="#colordescriptor"></a></p>
```

A `ColorDescriptor` is composed of a palette, which may contain at least one of `default`, `xray`, or `selected`, and an array of object ids to apply it to.

```js
{
  palette: {
    default: {color: '#ff0000', opacity: 1},
    xray: {color: '#00ff00', opacity: 1},
    selected: {color: '#0000ff', opacity: 1}
  },
  objectIds: [1, 2, 3]
}
```

Reviewer: We can also include the JSON schema, since that is what we validate against.

##### Returns

```js
undefined
```

##### Namespace

Model

---

### Clear Object Color

<p class="heading-link-container"><a class="heading-link" href="#clear-object-color"></a></p>

```js
clearObjectColor(objectIds);
```

#### Description

> Clears object color set by [setObjectColor](#set-object-color) with specific object ids

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clears object colors set by [setObjectColor](#set-object-color) defined by sets of object ids.
```

#### Parameters

| Field Name | Required | Type | Description |
| - | - | - | - |
| objectIds | true | number[] | Array of object ids |

##### Returns

```js
undefined
```

##### Namespace

Model

---

### Clear All Object Color

<p class="heading-link-container"><a class="heading-link" href="#clear-all-object-color"></a></p>

```js
clearAllObjectColor();
```

#### Description

> Clears all object color set by [setObjectColor](#set-object-color)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clears all object colors set by [setObjectColor](#set-object-color).
```
